ken when you set out on this WRC
campaign at the start of the year did
you realize just what you were taking on
because it's been a pretty tough
challenge so far yeah overall that the
years actually been very tough for me I
knew what I was getting myself into and
I knew that it would be some tough
development but I've had a couple of
pretty rough events but you know the
positive thing for me is I've actually
been able to come a long ways with my
notes and actually and that's actually
been my biggest problem because actually
getting in the car and getting used to
the car and getting up to speeds gone
quite well I didn't think by my second
rally I would be able to put in you know
sixth overall times which I did three
times in Turkey but overall the event
the overall results haven't been what I
wanted and I think just smoothening some
of that out and getting some consistency
and things will go a lot better you have
a huge fan base in the states do they
quite understand what you're doing and
the risks of it or do they all expect
you to win or come second every time I
die I don't think they quite understand
you know rowing just isn't as known in
the States as well as here you know I do
I interact so much with the motor sports
fans here in Europe that understand
rally and everything that I'm doing so
much better than the fans in the States
a lot of the fans in the states actually
know me from the Gymkhana stuff that
I've done but it's getting more and more
known you know what we've been doing
with rally in the state and now what I'm
doing here with the WRC so we'll see
hopefully it'll get better and better we
know that there is a following for rally
in the States well driving radio has a
third of its audience in states I rally
the app for the iphone as its second
biggest audience is the United States so
they do understand rally you're just
going to spread the word and get wider
and wider yeah yeah and I think it's
definitely getting there
and I think with you know what we've
been doing in the states with you know
the national championship and now with
me over here it's definitely getting
more and more known now where do you
think it's going to go this weekend here
in Germany you've been up you've done
your rec Eon the stages it's a rally of
two halves really you've got these short
sharp dives through the vineyards by the
river moselle and then you've got the
tank testing ground that the panzer
plateau alma holder huge stage 48
kilometers long totally different yeah
with this being my first WRC tarmac
rally I guess I couldn't have picked
more difficult rally these are the most
amazing stages I've ever seen in my life
and what I say amazing I mean I'm just
so surprised as what they're able to put
into a stage here you know I think stage
one on Friday you know you go from the
vineyards into the forest and go through
towns with tight arches and it's such a
huge variety and there's so many so many
junctions and unique types of corners
it's it's a rally unlike anything I've
ever seen in my life so I'm really
looking forward again started I it's
it's going to be very difficult it's
going to be huge learning experience but
I've got my expectations set knowing why
I sit with my experience in this car but
I'm here to learn and I'm here to get
that experience and I think this
weekend's gonna be a lot of fun to
finish first first you have to finish is
the great motto of rally no one's going
to expect you to finish in the first
place but you'll want to be there at the
finish come Sunday afternoon yeah
absolutely you know I'm very realistic
with four ice it and you know with this
car on tarmac and it takes years to get
up to speed understanding the breaking
points and how it works with your notes
and this is just a start for me yeah and
of course you're up against an
extraordinary man in Sebastien Loeb
who's won this rally whenever it's been
held as a WRC event no one's ever beaten
him last time out 2,000 Meg he won the
first 13 stages in a row I he's a
machine and it's truly truly impressive
and
or even that I get into this car and
experience kind of the limits of my own
self in this car and then and know that
you know he's so much for a far beyond
that it's truly impressive is there a
particular driver who you'd love to beat
this weekend I mean let's leave
Sebastian and Nico and yari Matty level
at one side is there a particular one
arm but Kimi Raikkonen would you like to
put one over here I'd like if you gave
me but I'm just gonna be like it at the
s2000 driver since we camp of what I'm
beating them I really am that you know
that realistic about my expectations
that you know I'm here to finish I'm
here to get as much experience that I
can and that yeah if I can compete with
Kimi or anybody else you know at this
event great but even Kimmy has a lot
more experience in this car and on
tarmac than I do at this point so I'm
honestly going to go out and really
enjoy myself this weekend I'm gonna look
at some times but not as close as I
normally do and just try and get as much
experiences again it's been a limited
campaign this year a certain number of
rallies you've obviously got the bug you
can see there just no way you're
reacting to everybody around you and
when you're with the car and all the
rest of it you can do the whole
championship next year yep plan is to do
the whole championship I've already at
the budget now and uh looking forward to
actually probably living most of the
year in Europe next year makes it a lot
easier on coming to these rallies and
having your time adjusted and being
rested and prepared which is actually
very difficult right now with my travel
schedule but you know I think that you
know the WRC is where I want to be been
able to put in a lot of work I think my
notes and the driving is getting to
where it needs to be now I just need to
have some consistency and have some
better events have you given any thought
to the colleague you'll drive next year
because because it is the big change
over ah no I can't wait I mean I've seen
the testing of the new fiesta WRC car so
I'm very excited to actually get my
hands on some damn my contract was for
it is for three years so I'm really
looking forward to being in that new
Fiesta next year can it's been a joy
watching you this year and good luck
this weekend and really terrific news
about next year thank you very much
you